OK.
So let's start with the first couple of functions that we can call we can call the ADD function and
the in-place function that will both add elements to the end of our array, which is exactly what we
want.
Now, in terms of F strings themselves, we will use emplace because as it states here, when we're
creating and filling array, this is the T arrays, part of the unreal engine for Dock's when we're
using F strings.
It's better to use in place.
Here we go.
In general, in place is preferable to add, but for other types, data adding would be absolutely fine.
A couple more that you could use in this situation.
We've got the remove which will remove matching elements.
So if we pass a word into there like cakes and cakes existed in that array, it would remove it from
the array.
In fact, it would remove all instances of cakes.
So who was in that array multiple times?
Then it would remove multiple entries.
Now, the issue with removing anything from our array and why we're not going to approach it in this
particular section, you'd have to make sure you decrement after you remove something from the array.
And of course, if you remove more than one thing, like in the example given before, if there were
multiple cakes in the array, you wouldn't know what's decrement by.
You'd have to run additional checks.
It can get very messy very quickly and you can just taste the off by one error or even off by more than
one.
There's also another option with remove.
We can remove an element at a particular index if we place that particular index within those parentheses.
Now, there are many more functions we can call on a T array.
And you can look at that and the Unreal Engine four documents.
And I've linked those in the resources.
OK, so over in Veer's code, we can start adding these words that pass this test to a new array.
So we need to do a couple of things here.
We need to create a new array.
I'm going to do that above the for loop that we've got here.
So couple of spaces.
Let's go ahead and make Turei.
There's going to have F strings, and it's just like the ones we've made so far.
And what shall we call it?
Let's call it valid words.
That's going to be what's going to be returned from it.
And, of course, we need our semicolon.
A couple of things here.
It would probably be best if this was less than this is more of a safeguard to make sure that if we're
passing something else into how many times we're incrementing it or indeed we incrementing it more than
once, we don't get caught out.
A couple of white spacing issues here.
So let's make sure that this is a bit more readable.
And let's go into the statement itself.
I'm going to comment.
Ounce, that's printing of the words themselves.
But what we can to do this time is we're going to add each individual word to this new valid words list
that we've created.
So we need to do something to the valid words lists.
So we bring up the valid words.
We go dots and you may reach for add.
It would work.
But remember what we were talking about earlier.
We got it in place.
And then we need to pass something into that.
And what we're currently looking at is the words array.
And we're currently only focused on the index of that particular array.
So what we will find this will do is we create a new valid words array, which is currently empty at
this point.
And then it's going to go through the first 10 elements of the words array.
And it's the length of the word being tested.
The one at whichever index we're currently at is greater than or equal to four characters.
The length or less than or equal to eighth is going to add that word to our new valid words array.
Now, we're not actually doing anything at the moment.
So what we could do after this is just print out that list of words again just to make sure it's working.
So we can simply do that by going for 32.
And once again, this is going to be an index will be going through.
But this time we'll be going through the valid words that we've just created.
And remember, when we're talking about the size of this particular array, we're going to use the NUM
function on it.
And now for what we're actually going to do?
Well, we're going to print line, text macro and then we're going to use the format specified percentage.
S I'm going to put a full stop on the end of that.
And then a comma.
What what are we going to print out here?
Well, we need the asterisk.
As we've learned before, and then we're going to do valid words and whatevers at the particular index
we're at.
That should be all good to go.
Let's make sure it's saved.
Really?
And over in the bowl cal game that's compile.
And we've compiled complete letterhead and play our game.
Excellent, so what we have here is one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
And what we can do is go ahead and open up our list of words and see what it has stripped.
Obviously, it hasn't stripped anything to do with Icer grams at the moment.
There's going to be parts of your challenge.
If we have a look at the hit and words list, we'll find that the first 10, which I think is that many
one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10.
Brilliant.
So we've got the letter A, which has been stripped.
We've got act which has been stripped.
And I think a cording that's those nine characters, plus the null Terminator, if you remember that
the backslash zero.
We talked about much earlier in the section.
OK, so before we go ahead and do our challenge, what have we done here?
Well, we've created a new array and then we've iterated through our words array, picking out words
of a certain length.
If they match those conditions, we add each individual word to our new valid words list and it will
increase in size.
And then afterwards down here, this is just really checking code.
And we're printing out each word that we've picked from our words array.
In this case, we know it matches.
We've manually checked it as well.
And armed with that knowledge, it's time for your challenge.
OK, so your challenge is to go ahead and create a valid, hidden wordlist.
So create a new function called Get Valid Words, muffing as a good name for this function.
It's going to take in the words array.
Now put all of our checking code in there.
So in addition to the right length, which is between four and eight characters, check for Icer Grams
as well.
Now, you can do this in a couple of ways.
You could use a nested if or you could use the and logical operator that we've recently covered and
do remember the function needs to return something.
So pulls the video now and give Vassago.
OK, everybody, welcome back.
Let's go ahead now and create a valid hided words list.
Okay, everybody, welcome back.
Let's go ahead, first of all.
I'm going to go to my head to file and declare my new function.
OK, so let's think about, first of all, what it's going to return.
It's going to return a tier array of F strings for the moment.
What are we going to call it?
Well, we already know it's going to be called get valid words.
Now, we already know as well that we're going to pass into a two tier raid that's gone and TANF strings.
And before we go any further, we also know that this is going to be a concert function, even though
it's going to influence the hidden world later on.
It's not going to change the hit and word itself so we can live it as a concert function.
And that protects us from changing any of those three as well.
Hey, let's save that file and go into the implementation.
Now, we're basically going to use this chunk of code here further down.
I'm going to cut some paste in and just comment it out for the moment.
Lower down.
Then I've got it for reference.
And if I need to go back to it for ever reason, I can do now here I can also highlights everything.
Control and forward slash to comment.
All of that out.
Okay, so first of all, we need to say what it's returning wishes.
It's here, Ray.
It's going to be F strings.
There we go.
And this is where we need.
Are you.
Ball kow cartridge followed by our get valid words.
Another T array containing F strings.
Now, the name that we give, the variable that we're going to use in here does not have to be the same
as everything else.
And I've been thinking about what to call it.
And I think calling it a word list is ideal, because then when we're in the gubbins itself, we definitely
know we're dealing with the list of words.
Now, the other thing to think about here and why it's complaining at the moment is we haven't set it
as a contest.
And then we need our curly braces.
So let's go ahead and put those in as well.
Now, for some of this, I think we can just pick it up and put it straight in.
We've got all valid words.
Yes.
All of this here is absolutely fine.
So let's go ahead and grab that and move it up and in.
Now, there is another way that you can do this other than just cutting and pasting.
We can hold down Olt and the up or down arrows.
That's really useful for moving big blocks of code around.
Just a small amount might.
That's if we need to.
And I shall remove the common thing from there.
I'm also going to remove this line.
Will we.
Just printing the words out.
That makes no sense.
And the other thing we need to change here, and this is one of the dangerous things about copying and
pasting code.
It's very tense in salvors.
Just one more thing to change is another thing to change.
In general, if we hadn't just been handling this, I would have just typed it out again.
We're not going to the number 10.
We go into the end of the words list of words array.
So we're going to go words dot num for the size of that.
Right.
Okay.
Now, I've not spotted it just yet.
While some deep in the code, I've just focused on the word words rather than the word, lest I do correct
this at the end.
For those of you who have already spotted it.
So we're going to go through the entire array.
We can to add it to valid words.
Sounds good to me.
And of course, before we do anything else, we're going to have to make sure we output something here.
We've got a bit of an indentation problems.
There we go.
So we've started valid words.
Also, we're going to return.
Well, we're going to return lowercase r.
Return valid words.
Excellent.
The only thing we haven't done yet is we haven't called that at all, so let's delete the comments at
the bottom.
They're no longer useful.
And let's go ahead and call, get valid words and pass the words into it.
Now, where are we going to do this?
I think at the very beginning makes a lot of sense before we even set up the game.
I think that's important.
So let's call gets a valid word and pass into it the words.
Now, remember.
Our code is fully aware of words because we've included it in the header file at the very top.
Remember our semicolon?
So if past words into there.
Now what?
We will get out of this.
So it will be words will be passed into here.
And what gets valid words essentially becomes is our new word list.
So immediately underneath we've got the number of possible words.
Is this.
And I'm going to say the number of valid words.
I think it's great to have these checks in place.
So text number of valid words is and then the format specify a full stop at the end.
And then we come up to a stumbling block because we can't just type in here.
Valid words that would be out of scope.
We could create yet another tier array here if we wanted to, or we can go ahead and grab this because
it is essentially a a c a right and proper in here with dot num on the end.
That would also work.
Now it depends what we want to do with it later on.
But since we just want to output it, this would be absolutely fine.
Later on I can see us running it up here and then assigning it to the hidden web.
But just to get those valid number of words out and we need our semicolon at the end.
Let's go and check.
Make sure that works.
Let's compile our code.
And what I'm expecting from this is, well, I think it's going to be 400 something after we've removed
all the words that are not Ice Grahame's, and that's got to be lots and lots of those.
We should find we have a much smaller number.
And I have just realized that I haven't actually implemented is Icer grams, so let's see.
Yes, our code is work and we still at 788.
I'm just getting too far ahead of myself.
OK, so we've called it, and I think I forgot sern, too.
Yes.
We haven't actually checked for Icer grams here.
So there are a couple of things we could do.
We could have another if statement here.
This is perfectly valid, by the way.
We could say if and then is icer gram and into that function pass in the word that we're looking at
in the words index.
And of course the index parts of it as well.
That will check for that condition.
And then we can have our valid words coming out.
Of course, instead of cutting and pasting that, I could have highlighted the line and used ult and
the up arrow to bring that line up.
The other option is that we pop it on the end of here.
So this is absolutely fine if you've typed out like this.
Great.
And I will just test to make sure that works.
Okay, let's go ahead and press play.
Here we go.
452.
Brilliant.
So the other way that we could have written that.
Is by adding this line here onto the end of the two checks who are currently doing so, I can add space
in here and say and is Icer Graham and pass into the words.
Have the index we're currently looking.
Because then we know that this length has to be true, this length has to be true, and it has to be
an icy ground as well.
And then it can run this area here.
We don't need this extra if statement anymore.
And the extra curly braces.
And before we finish up, you may have noticed a mistake here, but it still word because the word list
and the words are exactly the same.
What they should have read here, where it says words, words, words and hear words should have been
word lists.
Now, I'm not going to use find a replace for this because the word word appears so often.
So I'm going to go through and use the multi cursor.
Incidentally, if you're on a Linux machine, you hold down alt.
To do that rather than rather than control and delete that s there and then just type in list.
And that should have sorted all of that out.
Very silly of me to include that.
But here we go.
Now that was quite fortuitous.
It just happens to be that wordlist is a copy of words and therefore the code worked, but otherwise
it would have failed.
Let's go over into Unreal.
As press day and yes, we get exactly the same result.
Brilliant.
How did you guys get on?
Which way did you end up approaching this?
Did you use the nested if statements?
Or did you just add it to the end of our current conditions?
Appreciate your work over in the discussions and I'll see you all in the next lecture.